Update Cellranger for mkfastq (#89)
AlexsLemonade/alsf-scpca: images/cellranger/README.md

## Building the image

In order to build this image, the cellranger software and bcl2fastq source code components must be downloaded separately to comply with licensing, and should be placed in this folder (`images/cellranger`).
- The current version of cellranger is `cellranger-6.0.1.tar.gz` and can be downloaded from [10X Genomics Website](https://support.10xgenomics.com/single-cell-gene-expression/software/downloads/6.0) after agreeing to their license terms.
- The current version of bcl2fastq is 2.20.0 and can be downloaded from [Illumina](https://support.illumina.com/sequencing/sequencing_software/bcl2fastq-conversion-software.html) after logging into an Illumina account.

>   - As we are using an Ubuntu image, you will need to download the "Linux tarball" version of the software.
>   - Note that the file Illumina provides to download is a `.tar.zip` file that should contain the `bcl2fastq2-v2.20.0.422-Source.tar.gz` file specified in the `Dockerfile`. 
>   - Use `tar xzf bcl2fastq2-v2-20-0-tar.zip` to unpack the redundant packaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - As we are using an Centos image, you will need to download the "Linux rpm" version of the software.
  - Note that the file Illumina provides to download is a `.zip` file that should contain the `bcl2fastq2-v2.20.0.422-Linux-x86_64.rpm` file specified in the `Dockerfile`. 
```
If we build with Centos than this will need to be changed to reflect grabbing the rpm file from illumina.
